Clarify how version parameter is applied. (#45784)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ossm-cr-version.adoc

[id="ossm-cr-version_{context}"]
= version parameter

> The {SMProductName} Operator supports installation of different versions of the `ServiceMeshControlPlane`. You use the version parameter to specify what version of the control plane to install. If you do not specify a version parameter when creating your SMCP, the Operator will apply the latest version: ({MaistraVersion}). Existing `ServiceMeshControlPlane` objects keep their version setting during upgrades of the Operator.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the {SMProductName} Operator, you can install a specific version of the `ServiceMeshControlPlane` (SMCP). To specify the version, set the `version` parameter before you create the SMCP. Otherwise, the Operator applies the latest version, {MaistraVersion}. After upgrading the Operator, `ServiceMeshControlPlane` objects that have a specified version continue using that version.
```

Reviewer: Do users need to know how to format the version number? If so, I'd add a sentence showing the format syntax between "SMCP." and "Otherwise."

Reviewer: Please add a `:_content-type: <TYPE>` attribute to this file.

Reviewer: `:_content-type: REFERENCE`?

> You use the `version` parameter to specify what version of the control plane to install. When you create a `ServiceMeshControlPlane` object with an empty `version` parameter, the admission webhook sets the version to the current version. If you do not specify a `version` parameter when creating your SMCP, the Operator will apply the latest version ({MaistraVersion}). Existing `ServiceMeshControlPlanes` objects with an empty `version` parameter keep their setting.

Reviewer 2: What about something like this:

The OSSM operator supports installation of different versions of a control plane. Use the `version` parameter to specify what version of the control plane to install. If you do not specify a `version` parameter when creating your SMCP, the Operator will apply the latest version: ({MaistraVersion}). Existing `ServiceMeshControlPlanes` objects with an empty `version` parameter keep their setting.
